where did you say it was
this is it barca street we're looking
for number 57
what am i going to say to him it'll be
fine he's your brother
so he's going to knock i guess i will
i'm so nervous don't worry we'll be here
hello hello i wonder uh
i'm sorry to bother you i'm looking for
oh it's very hard to explain perhaps my
partner can help you
david
[Music]
it's so good to see you
i'm so ashamed i've been so selfish
i'm so glad you're all right i've been
so worried
rose this is my sister anne your sister
and this is my girlfriend rose
you'd better come in david hasn't told
me very much about his family
i'm so sorry and i feel very bad about
not contacting you
i just can't believe it i was looking
for you thinking that something terrible
must have happened and
here you are playing house there's
someone you should meet
this is our son sam sam
meet you aunt ann david my little
brother and father
oh he's beautiful david why didn't you
tell me about rose
why didn't you tell me you were a father
i think i'd like to know that too
i would have come and helped you it's
hard to explain
i have some friends outside who help me
find you i think you need to tell us all
what happened i'll go and get them
i'm an art
sarah steve
this is my brother david and his partner
rose
and this is my nephew sam he's good
i know you uh you shop at your stool
yeah
green apples he always wants green
onions that's right
a good memory david i think you'd better
all sit down
what happened why did you stop writing i
started my course at university
but it was very difficult computer
science isn't for me
did you fail your exams yes
i let everyone down i just wanted to die
dad must be so angry he's just worried
about you david
i didn't know what to do i was so
confused
i had to find a job i couldn't use
father's money anymore
so i applied for a job at the markets
and
phil was very kind he agreed to give me
a job if i could get a working visa
how did you i went home and applied for
it
you mean you went back to singapore yes
i was too ashamed to see anyone
i'm such a failure
i don't think you're a failure
anyway i returned here and
i started work i met rose
and we moved in together and well then
sam came along
it's an amazing story i think it's
wonderful
mum and dad won't think it's that
wonderful they'll be so relieved you're
safe
we didn't know what to think david kind
of just disappeared
you can pretend i don't exist no you
should have told me
i could have helped why didn't you
realize we'd come and look for you
i just couldn't face dad you could have
told your sister
i ought to have told you anne i should
have trusted you
i'm so sorry
he's so beautiful david you can't keep
him from mum and dad
they're flesh and blood david they're
sam's grandparents
don't you think they want to see him so
you think i want to meet your parents
rosie's right david mum and dad so much
want to be grandparents
but not like this your secret's out now
steve it's all right sarah steve's right
i think david knows what he has to do do
you suggest
hello mom it's me david yeah i'm okay
i'm all right yep and found me
yeah yeah i'm working um
look i'm so sorry that i didn't call you
can you forgive me
yeah okay all right
i love you too
yeah all right
mom's crying she's gone to get dad
he's gonna be so angry
hello dad
it's me david do you realize how ready
we've been
yes i am you're our son how could you do
this to us
i'm sorry for causing you so much worry
dad
i thought that you'd be angry that's why
i didn't tell you i couldn't study
anymore
of course i'm angry your mother's been
sick with worry
but you didn't have to disappear what
i've been doing all this time
i've been working i work at the market
i'm gonna be a partner in the business
soon
and dad there's something else i'm with
someone
and we have a baby boy
dad dad are you still there did you say
you were married
not exactly i have a partner
her name is rose and we have a son
your grandson dad
i'm here david there's too much to think
about
i want you to come home but i know but
you need to come home bring her bring
rose and our grandson
your mother and i love you we want to
see you
we want to meet your family goodbye
i'll see you soon yeah i promise
i love you too
well what did they say my mother said
she was glad that i'm okay
she said she was happy to hear my voice
she told me that she's been very worried
what about dad what did he say he said
he was very angry
but that he forgives me he told me that
he loves me
of course he loves you he's your father
did he say anything else yes he asked me
to go home
he said they want to see us all of us
yes
they want to meet you and sam they asked
us to go to singapore
we can't afford it he's sending us
tickets of course he is
he loves you david we all do and now
there's rose and sam
too i'd love to meet your parents david
and sam wants to meet his grandparents
they're our family look i'm so sorry
it's okay it's all out now we'll go as
soon as possible
you can come with me what about me
can i come too you're not family steve
well you found your brother you've
ordered your wine and tomorrow you're
going home
yes sarah thank you for everything
but you'll come back won't you yes if
the wine says well i'll be back soon
i feel as if i have a second family here
i'd love to come and see you in
singapore oh yes i'll show you around
and you must meet my parents that'd be
great if our business goes well
i'll be able to afford it there's no ifs
about it
you're a very good agent i'm so happy
you're my buyer here
if you like i'll come to singapore with
sarah
i like that very much you can meet my
parents too
do you think they'll like me of course
i'll like you
if i like you they'll like you i think i
better leave you two alone
bring me if you need help with packing
i've only just met you and now you're
leaving
but i'll come back if you want me to
well i guess this is it
sarah thank you so much for all your
help and for your kindness
please don't mention it well thank you
for trusting me to be your business
partner
and my friend i'll be thinking of you
all the time
i wanted to thank you too sarah for
being so kind to my sister and
looking after her so well i'll be
thinking of you too
thank you it was great to meet you
new too rose and i hope everything goes
well in singapore
i'm looking forward to meeting david's
parents i hope they like me
i'm sure they will i'll be expecting a
postcard from you anne
so you better send me one and i'll be
waiting for a postcard too
i'll be counting the days until you come
to singapore attention please this is
the final call for singapore airlines
flight sq-452 direct to singapore
could all passengers for this flight go
immediately to get lounge free goodbye
see you soon goodbye
i'll see you soon
oh goodbye rose good luck you too david
bye
see ya bye wait i found him
i found a brother
another one
[Music]
from number one to number five these
colors are not easy to pronounce so pay
attention to these
because they have the consonant clusters
b l
b r and g r consonant cluster
that means one oh sorry that means two
or three consonants together this is b l
v
r and g r first one
lag black don't say black
or black okay this is black
black this one blue
blue this one
brown brown this one
gray gray a y
or e y the same okay uh
a and y this is british
sorry this is american english and e
well this is
british english okay so great
this one green girl
green green so again
black black blue
blue brown brown
gray gray
green green
this one pink pink
purple er purple
this one arranged remember
if the word when and with g
and e we say j orange
orange red
red yellow
yellow white
white one more time black
black blue
blue brown brown
gray gray
green green pink
pink purple
purple orange
orange red
red yellow
yellow white
white first we have father and dad
the same father remember th
here father father
this one dad that we have three words
for mother or mom
this is mother th mother
mother mom
mom this one if you want to say
my father and my mother you can say
my parents the same okay pair
heir parents parents
now brother brother
please remember the consonant cluster
here be
our br brother some of my students they
can say
a father or bad or rather
remember this is b okay
th brother this one seems difficult huh
brother brother so this is
sorry this one is sister remember
s in the in the middle some of my
students they just pronounce
sita sitter so where is the s in the
middle
so we have sister sister
okay um younger
brother the the person that is younger
than you
younger brother younger brother
younger sister for example like
you are 20 and your younger sister is
18 right so that
sister is younger than you now younger
brother
younger brother younger sister
remember as a sister
for the person who is older than you you
can have two
choices older or elder older
brother old older
sister okay or you can say elder
elder sister elder
brother okay younger
young younger and this is
older or elder now
sibling sibling that means the people
who have
their same father and their same
mother with you that means the same
parents okay
uh simply anyone it can be
that people they can be your brothers
your sisters
younger or older or elder the same
they are all your siblings okay so
simply we your sibling that means you
and that sibling have the same parents
okay so this is sibling sibling
a husband the man that you married to
husband uh some people came for now this
is
hurtman or husband remember this is not
hers this is
a husband husband
this one wife remember f at the end
wife wife okay now continue
son means like you guy
um there you you guys are married and
then you have children or you have kids
and if that is a boy that is your son
if that is a girl that is your daughter
okay so we have sun sun
the same with um with sun the same here
s u and sun right uh
the spelling the spellings are different
this is oh this is
you but the pronunciation is the same
okay son daughter
sorry daughter so or daughter
daughter in american english that t
t which t is not stress you can
pronounce as
the sub d right so this is
daughter daughter so you can pronounce
daughter
daughter or daughter daughter the same
now a child for a singular form that
means
one kid you can say that is one child
you just have a boy or you just have a
girl you can say that
that is my child okay child and this one
children two or more kids okay
uh children remember the difference this
is
i child and this is children
remember they are the consonant clusters
here
children children um some people can say
that is
children children so where is the d
right
children drink just like the word drive
so we have the word children don't miss
the d
here huh children again child
children or instead of staying say in
charge you can say
kit kit is very easy to pronounce right
kit kit or if that is
a blur forms you can add s at the end
here
kids okay but for this one child
singular form and for blur from this is
children for the appetizers
appetizers okay appetizers
i have vegetables
or vegetable okay veg vegetable
soup vegetable soup
chicken soup chicken soup now
house salad house salad
for the main dishes we have
steak with fries steak
with fries this one
beef stir fry beef
stir-fry
now grilled fish
grill guru grilled fish
grilled fish grilled you know if you
grill the food
you cook the food with a fire with
strong heat
grilled fish grilled fish
this one spaghetti don't say spaghetti
okay
spa getty remember s spa
spaghetti spaghetti this one
roast roast is just like
girl you know you cook the food
with um the fire and you don't use any
liquid
roast oh roast chicken
roast chicken for
the desserts don't say dessert okay
desserts desserts always a dessert okay
this is
desserts um lasers
we have apple pie apple pie
eyes remember ce ice cream
ice cream this one fresh
fresh fruit for okay quite difficult
for a fresh fruit
fresh fruit and this one
chocolate cake don't say chocolate okay
choc this is clut
chocolate chocolate chocolate cake
for drinks we have iced
tea okay ice c e
is and then e d after s
we pronounced iced
ice tea ice tea this one
coffee in this one
juice you say you dude okay this is j so
we have to pronounce
j jutes c e at the end
juice we have apple juice
um banana juice orange juice
soda soda so again with the menu
we have appetizers main dishes
desserts drinks for appetizers
we have vegetable soup chicken soup
house salad for main dishes we have
steak with fries beef
stir-fry grilled fish
spaghetti roast chicken
roast chicken for dessert apple pie
ice cream fresh fruit chocolate cake
drinks iced tea coffee
juice soda so welcome to my restaurant
now uh i have two examples for you to
study
i i may be you know i is the server
you know the waiter or waitress
and b is the customer so now
a and b we have the first conversation
remember i serve a waiter or waitress
and be the customer when you go to my
restaurant
okay a server will come to your table
and ask you
oh sorry the server will help to give
you
the menu and wait for you to
look at the menu for a little bit and
then
he or she will ask are you ready to
order
are you ready to order are you
ready to order don't say read okay this
is
read but this is ready are you ready to
order
yes i'll have i'll have
chicken soup chicken soup here
for the appetizer and then grilled fish
grilled fish where for the mint dish
i'll have
chicken soup and
grilled fish please remember if you want
to be polite
say please okay now
i'll have i'll have half here
means i'll eat okay i
will eat i'll have
now sure anything
to drink anything anything to drink
iced iced tea please
iced tea please okay iced tea
for the drinks okay iced tea
uh now okay okay
i see okay how about
how about you can use what about how
about
dessert here we have dessert how about
dessert
not today thanks that means today i
don't want to eat
dessert so i just say not today
not today thanks to be polite
now again remember chicken soup here
this
is the appetizer so you can replace
chicken soup for anything here vegetable
soup or house salad
for grilled fish the main dish here is
the grill fish
you can use steak with fries beef
stir-fry spaghetti
or roast chicken if you want now for the
drink i use
iced tea if you don't like iced tea you
can change
coffee juice or soda and for
which one um let me see for the dessert
no
i don't choose any dessert so no dessert
now again are you ready to order
yes i'll have chicken soup and grilled
fish
please remember the structure yes
or you can say i'll have something
and then please sure
anything to drink iced tea
please okay please remember to be polite
okay how about dessert not today
thanks so if you are
the server or waiter or waitress you
have to remember the structure
first are you ready to order if the
customer
say says the food that he or she would
like to eat
and did you just say sure okay and then
continue anything to three
and then okay how about dessert
okay just like this you just ask are you
ready to order how about the drink how
about dessert how about the main dish
okay or anything to drink anything to
eat
remember huh and if you're the customer
remember after the the server
asks you you just say okay i will have
the food and then please and then if
the server asks you asks you like
uh anything to drink you can say the
drink that you would like to drink and
they say please
and about dessert or about the other
thing you just say
the food and then say please um if you
um if you don't like to eat for today
you just say not today
thanks okay that is polite enough
for number two hi
what can i get you today or what do you
want today
what what do you want me to bring you
today
um hi
what can i get you today or you can say
get you
what can i get you today let me see
let me think for a little bit i like
you can use i i'll have or i'd like i
would like it is polite i
like how salad please
okay okay i see okay how
salad i just want to make sure that uh
what i listen is correct
how salad
is the spaghetti spicy you want to
ask about the food you're not sure about
that
is the spaghetti spicy spicy
salty sour bitter things like that
yes it's pretty hot it's pretty hot
hot here means spicy gritty that means
quite
that mean that means it's quite spicy
i think i'll have steak with fries
then then or or so so
and a glass of a glass
and a glass of juice please
a glass remember color glass glass
a glass of juice juice
please sure remember sure
anything for dessert oh sorry anything
for dessert
anything for dessert the apple pie
is excellent no
thanks if you want to say the apple pie
is excellent all the app
pop is really good or it's really
delicious
if you want